update sdk in sg guide + cookie policy in webflow (#431)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/guides/marketing/integrating-with-webflow.md

- Provide the id you are going to use for analytics logging to `'<SUBJECT-ID>'`. Ideally this would be an id from a managed platform such as Segment, Rudderstack, Google Analytics, or an internal platform.
- Add your client side analytics tracking call once the assignment has been made. Make sure your analytics platform is sending data to your data warehouse connected to Eppo. This will ensure that assignments made by Eppo will be tracked and can be used for experiment analysis. For more information on Eppo's event logging integrations with popular platforms like Segment, mParticle, Rudderstack, and Snowplow, see our documentation [here](/sdks/event-logging).

## Edge cases

### Cookie Policies

> If you end up using a subject key or user traits from a cookie, make sure that the experiement is designed around a user's response to your cookie policy. To avoid a user seeing a page that has no data in it because the cookie policy has not been responded to yet, make sure there is a consistent user experience in between the time that the user has not responded to the policy to when they are eligible to see the experiment. As a best practice, we typically recommend using a modal or interstitial to block the rest of the page, and therefore experiment, until the user has responded to your site's cookie policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you end up using a subject key or user traits from a cookie, make sure that the experiment is designed around the user's response to your cookie policy. To avoid a user seeing a page with missing components, make sure there is a consistent user experience between initial page load and when they are eligible to see the experiment. As a best practice, we typically recommend using a modal or interstitial to block the rest of the page, and therefore experiment, until the user has responded to your site's cookie policy.
```

Reviewer: I wonder if a full page blocking interstitial would harm conversion / cookie opt in rate? Maybe this is a best practice, I'm definitely not very knowledgable about this space
